RHIDP-1167: Software template for creating a frontend plugin (#5)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developer-hub-software-templates: templates/create-frontend-plugin/docs/features/rbac.md

> ## Guide to Enforcing Access Controls in your Front-end Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guide to Enforcing Access Controls in your Frontend Plugin
```

Please check all docs for the frontend and plugin and use the Capalized version or not. The need headline use plugin for example

                retry.permissionPoliciesRetry();
                retry.policiesRetry();
            },
        },
        {
            icon: () => getEditIcon(permissionResult.allowed, entityReference), // reference hook
            tooltip: !permissionResult.allowed ? 'Unauthorized to edit' : 'Edit',
            isFreeAction: true,
            onClick: () => {},
        },
    ];

    // ... additional code ... //
```

#### `RequirePermission` to block elements from rendering

```ts
    export const ClusterInfoCard = () => {
    const { data } = useCluster();

    if (!data) {
        return null;
    }

    // ... Additional code ... //
    return (
        <RequirePermission permission={ocmEntityReadPermission}> // Block access to table
            <TableCardFromData data={data} title="Cluster Info" nameMap={nameMap} />
        </RequirePermission>
    );
```

## References
[OCM front-end plugin](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/tree/main/plugins/ocm)
[RBAC front-end plugin](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/tree/main/plugins/rbac)
[Topology front-end plugin](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/tree/main/plugins/topology)

> [Youtube video on permissions framework](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDoQhegtw6E)

Reviewer: Create a list here as well?

Concepts:
https://backstage.io/docs/permissions/concepts

Basic permissions:
Examples:
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/catalog-common/src/permissions.ts
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/jenkins-common/src/permissions.ts
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/devtools-common/src/permissions.ts
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/kubernetes-common/src/permissions.ts

> Condition permissions:
> Examples:
> - https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/catalog-backend/src/permissions/conditionExports.ts
> - https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/c9ddf111a70fbbf286abe13081b67fc7719108d4/plugins/playlist-backend/src/permissions/conditions.ts#L20
> - https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend/src/service/rules.ts
> - Upstream Documentation
> https://backstage.io/docs/permissions/custom-rules

Reviewer: Here as well:
```suggestion
Condition permissions:

Examples:

- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/catalog-backend/src/permissions/conditionExports.ts
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/c9ddf111a70fbbf286abe13081b67fc7719108d4/plugins/playlist-backend/src/permissions/conditions.ts#L20
- https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend/src/service/rules.ts
- Upstream Documentation
https://backstage.io/docs/permissions/custom-rules
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/553abec0-5441-44a7-b43b-f858e61f0795)

Can you also format them as markdown links?
The last point maybe one link?
